[Feature] Set CI/CD for CapsulaHub repository (#3)
capsulajs/capsulahub: README.md

| [ui](packages/ui)                       | Common reusable ui components.                                                                                                                                 |
| [utils](packages/utils)                 | Common reusable helpers, consts, types.                                                                                                                        |
| [cdn-emulator](packages/cdn-emulator)   | Util package, that includes separate files, that will be served on localhost to imitate cdn links.                                                             |

> ### CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CI/CD
```

The CI/CD will perform: 
* deployment on [S3 Bucket](https://capsulajs.s3.amazonaws.com/) 
* publishing on [npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/org/capsulajs)

> #### Deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy
```

In order to deploy to S3, you need to add this npm script to the `package.json`

    "deploy": "SERVICE=$(echo $npm_package_name | cut -d '/' -f 2) && ../../scripts/deploy.sh -s $SERVICE"

> It will deploy all that is in the `dist/` folder which is built during the CI.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will deploy all the content from `dist/` folder which is built during the CI.  
```

If you want to add some specific directories in it (`doc/`, `configuration/`, `example/`, ...), 
you can add those npm scripts to the `package.json`

>     "build:dist": "<your command> && yarn dist:configuration && yarn dist:doc && yarn dist:example",

Reviewer: Does it mean that the script will deploy only from dist and we can include different folders inside the dist?

Author: yes

>     "dist:configuration": "cpy --parents configuration/ dist/",

Reviewer: specify that the package for **cpy** should be installed

Author: actually, `cpy-cli` is a common dependency so it shouldn't be a problem

    "dist:doc": "cpy --parents doc/ dist/",

>     "dist:example": "cpy --parents example/ dist/"

Reviewer: is there any difference if we use doc/ with slash at the end or example without slash?

Author: No, but I think this is better to specify the `/` when talking about a directory

#### Publish
The npm publishing will be performed automatically during the CI/CD process.  
However, you need to **manually publish it for the first time**.  
If you don't, you will get this error: `lerna ERR! E402 You must sign up for private packages` 
because of the scoped package name.

If you want, you can enable comments after publishing on npm by adding this npm script to your `package.json`

    "publish:comment": "bash ../../scripts/publish_comment.sh $(echo $npm_package_name)"
In this case, a bot will comment after publishing the package and will update this comment each time 

> a new package is built for your PR.

Reviewer: will the version be updated automatically? What if a user wants to have not a minor update?
